3th  International Conference Europe Middle East & North Africa On Information System Technology and Learning Researches EMENA-ISTL-2019
November 21-23, 2019, Hotel Zephyr, Marrakech, Morocco  
  http://www.emena.org/ 

 
We'd like to invite you to submit your papers/posters/demo proposals for the  3th International Conference Europe Middle East & North Africa On Information System Technology and Learning Researches (EMENA-ISTL-2019) to be held from 21-23 November, 2019, Marrakech, Morocco  

EMENA-ISTL 2019 attracts researchers, scientists, PhD students, and technologists from some of the top companies, universities, research firms and government agencies from around the world. Each paper will be reviewed by at least three regular PC members or two senior PC members. The acceptance decisions will take into account paper novelty, technical depth, elegance, practical or theoretic impact, and presentation.

The conference program will include paper presentations, poster sessions and project demonstrations, along with prominent keynote speakers program and industrial workshops. 
Novelty in this edition, Web-Conference sessions will be programmed for authors who cannot attend the conference, each author will presents his work remotely, After the presentation, will answer questions in a live Q&A session.  
 
The venue  city Marrakech is an impressive cultural heritage with many monuments and museums of quality. It's just Magic! Marrakech is famous all over the world for its palm grove and minaret has indeed become one of the favorite destinations for celebrities who love its very well preserved charm that knows how to combine luxury, refinement and authenticity. The city was thus described as "dream of the thousand-and-one nights" by Arielle Dombasle. Marrakech then became a place renowned for its culture, its arts, its traditions and its architectural heritage which gradually attracts a larger number of renowned artists.  In April 2015, as a consecration, the famous website "TripAdvisor"  class Marrakech as world number 1 destination, based on millions of votes.  
 
Topics: 
Original papers are solicited in, but are not limited to, the following topics: 
 
A) Information Systems Technologies to Support Learning;
B) Smart Emerging Technologies in Education, Learning Innovation in Digital Age;
C) Big Data Analytics and Applications, Intelligent Data Systems, Machine Learning; 
D) Software Systems, Architectures, Applications and Tools;
E) IOT, Smart Cities,Healthcare and People, Wireless, Sensor and Ad-Hoc Networks;
F) Computer Communications and Networks;
G) Human-Computer Interaction, Multimedia Systems and Applications; 
H) Organizational Models, Information Systems and Technologies;
I) Language and Image Processing, Computer Vision, & Pattern Recognition
J) Computers & Security, Ethics and CyberCrime & Data-forensic; 
K) Health Informatics,and Medical Informatics Security; 
L) Distributed, parallel and HPC systems;
M) Social networks, e-comerce, e-management, e-finance & e-markiting 
N) Artificial Intelligence, High Performance Computing, 
O) Mobile,Embedded and Ubiquitous Systems;
P) Cryptography, Watermarking and Blockchain;
Q) Interdisciplinary Field of Fuzzy Logic and Data Mining;
R) Bioinformatics and Computational Biology,
S) Intelligent Robotics and Multi-agent systems;
T) Information storage, indexing and retrieval
  
Important Dates:
 
Paper Submission Due :   June 30, 2019 
Acceptance Notification :  July 30, 2019 
Author Registration :  August 20, 2019 
Camera Ready Submission :  August 30, 2019 
Conference Dates : November, 21-23, 2019 

Complete details are available on the conference website : www.emena.org

Proceedings & Publication 
EMENA-ISTL 2019 proceedings will be published in Springer series "Learning and Analytics in Intelligent Systems" and submitted for indexing to ISI, EI-Compendex, DBLP, SCOPUS, Google Scholar and Springerlink.  
All accepted papers will be published in the proceedings. 
Extended version of best selected papers will be published in ISI/SCI/Scopus among others-indexed journals  
Papers must to be submitted via the Electronic Submission System .  
Because we believe this is an interesting and unique opportunity for the academic community to discuss this important topic, we would like to invite you to participate and join us in Marrakech. 
Your collaboration is deeply appreciated. If you also send this CFP to your networks
 
Contact | Electronic Submission System | Website 

For more details:
contacts : 
emena2019@emena.org
 
Best Regards,
